Add username template (#1103)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault: website/docs/r/database_secret_backend_connection.md

* `max_connection_lifetime` - (Optional) The maximum number of seconds to keep
  a connection alive for.

> * `username_template` - (Optional) For Vault v1.7+. The username template for vault generate username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `username_template` - (Optional) For Vault v1.7+. The template to use for username generation.
```

Author: updated, also using this description to other database, e.g. mysql
